[ci skip] Update README and CONTRIBUTING for 26.1 (#13739)
PaperMC/Paper: README.md

* See upcoming, pending, and recently added API [here](https://github.com/orgs/PaperMC/projects/2/views/4)
* Paper API javadocs here: [papermc.io/javadocs](https://papermc.io/javadocs/)
#### Repository (for paper-api)

> > You can read more about adding paper as repository [here](https://docs.papermc.io/paper/dev/project-setup/#adding-paper-as-a-dependency) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See [the docs](https://docs.papermc.io/paper/dev/project-setup/#adding-paper-as-a-dependency) for more details, including Maven caveats.
```
